Cryptography API docs (#3319)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/cryptography/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Cryptography"
linkTitle: "Cryptography"
weight: 110

> description: "Perform cryptographic operations without having to access raw key material" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Perform cryptographic operations without exposing keys to your application" 
```
